true Jamie yuccas of Van Slyke Oh carry
on dear easy educational it's relatively
late Attica even de cáncer identity a
lot it's filled with a backscatter and
the community to build value ms+ sticker
I'm a koala former Spanish mayor and I
play for about as you want a cup can I
explain you a few ideas to get a corner
in the circle if you are a striker you
don't score that match it can be very
very helpful for your team to get many
corners you know the percentage on the
corners we can score quite a bit so
there are two techniques first one I
want to show with camera defending boy
standing there I'm always looking at the
defender and the important thing is an
accelerate acceleration in your dribble
so the technique we want to train is
this where you pull the ball you're
gonna put your stick like this you kind
of try to lift the ball on its foot so
I'm gonna do it in the actual speed like
this I'm taking the ball this and you
get a corner yes that's one of the two
techniques the other ones the other one
is a one that I use a lot if you get on
the baseline you don't see you have no
vision you don't have a partner in front
of the goal you want to try to keep the
ball you look at the defender and now
you need to get speed if two feet are
open and you pull it back with your body
through it so you can get the
obstruction if the ball goes through so
I'm gonna show it again the important
thing is to attract the defender as much
as possible far away and then it's bump
bump and bringing it back in its foot
now we're gonna try to score few goals
from the baseline so I'm gonna show you
a drill that might be useful in your
personal skills you see that there is
nobody in the 90 degrees to give a pass
you put it on your backhand you lift it
and immediately when the ball is in the
air you push it start with both
leaves and we push it